Correcting grammar (#169)
SW709E19/Report: report/PartProblemAnalysis/ChapterPredictiveMaintenance/Maintenance.tex

A study from 2019 concerning maintenance found that 56\% of manufacturing facilities use reactive maintenance, 78\% use preventive maintenance and 43\% use predictive maintenance \cite{2019MaintenanceStudy}.
Reactive- and proactive maintenance, as well as some of the subcategories, are explained in the following.

\subsection{Reactive maintenance}

Reactive maintenance is a straightforward approach in that it requires fewer amounts of planning compared to proactive methods. 
This results in low levels of complexity of the maintenance, and no amount of money is spent unless something breaks.
Reactive maintenance can be worth it if repairs are simple, can be done quickly and if downtime is inexpensive compared to applying other maintenance strategies.
Incidents of failure may also be rare in certain scenarios, e.g. when working with new equipment, which may make reactive maintenance a suitable strategy.

In reality, however, reactive maintenance often comes at a high cost due to unplanned downtime of production \cite{ReactiveMaintenance1}.
The Wall Street Journal states that "Unplanned downtime costs industrial manufacturers an estimated \$50 billion annually. 

> Equipment failure is the cause of 42 per cent of this unplanned downtime." \cite{ReactiveMaintenance2}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Equipment failure is the cause of 42 percent of this unplanned downtime." \cite{ReactiveMaintenance2}.
```

Author: per cent er brugt i England og percent er brugt i USA. Vi skriver på den Engleske måde, så bør bruge per cent.

Studies show that this kind of maintenance can save a company 12\% to 18\% on average compared to using a reactive approach \cite{FEMP}.

\textbf{Condition-based} maintenance is driven by a set of conditions or thresholds for the machines.
When one or more certain conditions are met, it is time to perform maintenance.
This could be when a machine starts making irregular sounds or reaches specific temperatures, and this information may either be gathered using human senses or with sensors measuring the machines. 
The mindset behind this kind of maintenance is "do not fix what is not broken".

> The rules are defined by humans and this strategy, therefore, requires personnel with adequate knowledge to set suitable conditions and thresholds for the machines in question. \cite{ConditionBasedMaintenance}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rules are defined by humans and this strategy therefore requires personnel with adequate knowledge to set suitable conditions and thresholds for the machines in question. \cite{ConditionBasedMaintenance}
```
